# BAILEY-HARRIS CONSTRUCTION COMPANY CELL PHONE USE POLICY

## General Use at Work
While at work, employees are expected to exercise the same discretion in using personal cell phones as they use with Company phones. Excessive personal calls during the workday, regardless of the phone used, is inconsiderate to the employee's peers, can interfere with employee productivity and be distracting to others. Employees should restrict personal calls during work time, and should use personal cell phones only during scheduled breaks or lunch periods in non-working areas. Other personal calls should be made during non-work time whenever possible, and employees should ensure that their friends and family members are instructed of this policy. The Company is not liable for the loss of personal cell phones brought into the workplace. To ensure the effectiveness of meetings, employees are asked to be considerate and respective of meeting participants when possessing cell phones at the meetings. On the occasion of an emergency or unanticipated situation communicated on a cell phone, employees are encouraged to minimize distractions to the attended meeting and exit the meeting to address the emergency. Employees are also encouraged to set ring signals to silent or vibrate during the course of the meeting.

## Unsafe Work Situations
The Company prohibits the use of cell phones or similar devices while at any work site at which the operation of such device would be a distraction to the user and/or could create an unsafe work environment. Such work sites must be secured or the device used only by an employee who is out of harm's way at such work environments.

## Use While Driving
The Company discourages employee use of cell phones or similar devices for Company -related conversations while driving. Further, as stated earlier, the Company prohibits text messaging, surfing the Internet, receiving or responding to e-mail, or any other phone function outside of conversation while driving. Extra Care should be taken by the employee when receiving or placing calls, and should only do so if absolutely necessary. It is illegal in the State of Alabama to text and drive.

## Personal Use of Company-Owned Cell Phones
The Company may issue business cell phones to employees for work -related communications, and accordingly, these Company-issued phones are to be used for business purposes only. Employees in possession of Company equipment (including cell phones) are expected to protect the equipment from loss, damage, or theft. The Company will replace a lost or damaged phone one (1) time. All other replacements will be the responsibility of the employee. On resignation or termination of employment, or at any time on request, the employee may be asked to produce the phone for return or inspection. Any employee unable to present the phone in good working condition within a reasonable time period may be expected to purchase a replacement.
